Microservices Architecture

1. What strategy should you use to load test a microservices application?
Apply gradually increasing load to an isolated microservice.

2. You are designing a micro frontend solution. You must target low-end mobile devices. Your organization is heavily invested in React. What strategy do you recommend?
Build-time integration

3. You must impose limits on the CPU and RAM resources available to a microservice, while also isolating the service from others. Which deployment strategy must you use?
Service instance per virtual machine (VM)

4. You are deploying a new version of a microservice to fix some bugs. What change should you make to the microservice's API endpoints?
Keep the endpoints unchanged.

5. You run a microservices solution in which all teams code in .NET. Even though the next microservice you are building would benefit from Python, the new team experiences friction moving away from .NET. What do you recommend?
Integrate with contracts instead of packages

6. You want to verify that a load balancer does not route to failed nodes. What change can you make to the code to make testing easier?
Include the name of the instance in the result.

7. You are in charge of enterprise architecture for a microservices solution. You want to use the optimal storage mechanism for each microservice. What policies do you implement?
Publish a list of approved data stores and define a review process for other solutions.

8. A subscriber polls an event feed, but the call fails. What happens?
The subscriber is unaffected and the call polls the event at a later time, as if it was a new event.

9. You are decomposing a monolith into microservices. You are ready to extract code that depends on the IEmailNotifier interface, the implementation of which remains within the monolith. What is your next step to ensure low temporal coupling?
Add an email notification message handler to the monolith.

10. You are designing a microservice upgrade to offer a new feature on an existing endpoint. How do you enable gradual adoption?
Add an optional property to the request.

11. You are changing the contract on an asynchronous microservice. How can you leave the old version in place for backward compatibility?
Define a new message type for the new contract.

12. A company is implementing a microservice architecture for a digital transformation of a monolithic application. After decoupling services and creating a microservice approach, the company uses a Transaction Script pattern for some of the services. What strategic benefit would this provide?
It allows for better alignment of the database procedures with storage decisions.

13. You are analyzing a system of microservices designed for stock trading. The queue for the dashboard microservice grows during the trading day and takes several minutes to drain at the end of trading. What improvement might you consider?
Change sale history from publish/subscribe to batch requests.

14. You analyze the problem domain and find that a venue management microservice is a critical component. What is your next step to successfully implement the design?
Ask the C suite to allocate budget and a department head to oversee venue management.

15. A microservice receives commands asynchronously. How can you ensure that commands are not lost if the microservice is the victim of a database deadlock?
End the service call without acknowledging the message.

16. You are evaluating an inventory microservice that uses object-relational mapping (ORM) to map a Product entity to a table. The microservice performs poorly while receiving large shipments. What improvement might you consider?
Replace the domain model with a table module.

17. Your team spends a lot of time on user interface (UI)-based tests. How can the team improve the situation?
Create an API test against the Backend For Frontend (BFF).

18. You want to reduce the cost of operating a microservices application for an online retailer. Both the purchasing and inventory microservices are deployed as serverless functions. What is a likely improvement?
Redeploy the purchasing microservice as a web app.

19. You are implementing a Representational State Transfer (REST) endpoint for a microservice that has side effects. If a caller retries on failure, which verb is most appropriate?
PUT

20. Which micro frontends integration technique does not fully support independent deployment?
Build-time integration